en meget minimal mængde små ændringer (#54)
thesis20/thesis_paper: sections/problem/problem-chapter.tex

\caption{Example of a bipartite graph.}
\label{fig:bipartite-graph}
\end{figure}
This bipartite graph consists of two distinct sets of nodes: Users $U$ and items $I$, and a set of undirected edges $E$ that connect the user and item if they have interacted with each other.
This graph can also be represented as an adjacency matrix, which is useful for the implementation of a graph convolutional layer as it allows us to implement graph convolution through matrix multiplication between the adjacency matrix and the embeddings of the graph nodes.
This is the case since the values being multiplied with the representation are from the adjacency matrix that defines the neighbor nodes, thus aggregating the neighborhood.\\
Finally, a degree matrix consisting of the summation of row entries in the diagonal can be employed in order to normalize the representations by the number of neighbors, to avoid exploding or vanishing gradients.
This step can be repeated multiple times to gain higher-order connectivity, meaning that information is passed from neighboring nodes further away from the central node \cite{SimplifyingGCN, KOrderConnectivity}.

> The graph seen in \Cref{fig:bipartite-graph} can be extenden to also include nodes that represent side-information, which would be connected to the user and item nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The graph seen in \Cref{fig:bipartite-graph} can be extended to also include nodes that represent side-information, which are connected to the user and item nodes.
```
